readme.md, before:


## Cyd Ynni Mobile App Cordova Build


[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/openenergymonitor/cydynni-cordova.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/openenergymonitor/cydynni-cordova)

Cordova build files for [Cyd Ynni web application](https://github.com/trystanlea/cydynni).

Thanks to @davehun

### Install Cordova

`$ sudo npm install cordova -g`

Add path to Android SDK variable

`$ echo 'export ANDROID_HOME=~/Android/Sdk' >> ~/.bashrc`

### Clone Project

`$ git clone https://github.com/openenergymonitor/cydynni-cordova`

### Install Cordova plugins

```
$ cd cydynni-cordova
$ cordova plugins add cordova-plugin-statusbar
$ cordova plugin add cordova-plugin-network-information
```

## Android Build

`$ cd cydynni-cordova`

If exisits remove platforms folder to start a fresh build

`$ rm -rf platforms`  

### Generate Debug apk

```
cordova prepare
cordova build android
```

### Release apk

```
$ cordova prepare
$ cordova build android --release
```

### Sign APK

`$ jarsigner -verbose -keystore android.jks platforms/android/build/outputs/apk/android-release-unsigned.apk "cyd ynni hydro"`

Where android.jks is our signing key

### Zip Align

`$ANDROID_HOME/build-tools/23.0.3/./zipalign -v 4 platforms/android/build/outputs/apk/android-release-unsigned.apk platforms/android/build/outputs/apk/android-release-signed-aligned.apk`

APK is now ready to publish :-)

***

## Licence

This software is available under the GNU GPL V3 license

Commit message:

target android SD version 27 8.1.0 Oreo

readme.md, after:


## Cyd Ynni Mobile App Cordova Build


[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/openenergymonitor/cydynni-cordova.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/openenergymonitor/cydynni-cordova)

Cordova build files for [Cyd Ynni web application](https://github.com/trystanlea/cydynni).

Thanks to @davehun

### Install Cordova

`$ sudo npm install cordova -g`

## Link to Android Studio

Ensure Android Studio is installed with the SDK for the required version of Android downloaded

Add path to Android SDK variable

`$ echo 'export ANDROID_HOME=~/Android/Sdk' >> ~/.bashrc`

## Install Gradle 

sudo apt-get install gradle

### Clone Project

`$ git clone https://github.com/openenergymonitor/cydynni-cordova`

### Install Cordova plugins

```
$ cd cydynni-cordova
$ cordova plugins add cordova-plugin-statusbar
$ cordova plugin add cordova-plugin-network-information
```

## Android Build

`$ cd cydynni-cordova`

If exisits remove platforms folder to start a fresh build

`$ rm -rf platforms`  

### Generate Debug apk

```
cordova prepare
cordova build android
```

### Release apk

```
$ cordova prepare
$ cordova build android --release
```

### Sign APK

`$ jarsigner -verbose -keystore android.jks platforms/android/build/outputs/apk/android-release-unsigned.apk "cyd ynni hydro"`

Where android.jks is our signing key

### Zip Align

`$ANDROID_HOME/build-tools/23.0.3/./zipalign -v 4 platforms/android/build/outputs/apk/android-release-unsigned.apk platforms/android/build/outputs/apk/android-release-signed-aligned.apk`

APK is now ready to publish :-)

***

## Licence

This software is available under the GNU GPL V3 license
